.TH NXSETUP 1
.SH NAME
nxsetup \- A script to configure the NX server for thin-clients.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nxserver
.I "[options]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B FreeNX
consists of some scripts to configure the free NX server by NoMachine.
.PP
This manual page documents briefly 
.BR FreeNX
.
This manual page was written for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \--help
Display the help message.
.TP
.B \--install [--setup-nomachine-key] [--uid <nummber>] [--clean [--purge]]
Install necessary files and add the special user "nx".
.TP
.B \--ignore-errors
Check for false configuration, but don't complain.
.TP
.B \--setup-nomachine-key
Allow login with the key shipped with the NoMachine
client. This is fairly secure, and it simplifies the
configuration of clients. (Using a custom key pair.
increases security even more, but complicates the
configuration of clients.)
Use this option at your own risk.
.TP
.B \--ssh2
Create additionally commercial pubkey-support; beware:
own _commercial_ ssh2-key is not supported!
.TP
.B \--uid <number>
Give the uid <number> to the user "nx".
.TP
.B \--gid <number>
Give the gid <number> to the user "nx".
"luseradd", for use in NIS and NISplus environments.
.TP
.B \--clean
Perform an uninstallation prior to installation.
.TP
.B \--uninstall [--purge]
Remove log and session files, as well as the special
user "nx".
.TP
.B \--purge
Remove extra configuration files and ssh keys when
performing a "--uninstall".
Note that node.conf will always be saved.

.SH FILES
The /etc/nxserver/node.conf is the main configuration file.

.SH NOTES
NoMachine offers a commercial and a freeware version of this server.
The freeware is named "NX Free Edition" and limited to two users.
FreeNX does not have such lemitations
A client needs the unfree "NX Client" which can be downloaded from
http://www.nomachine.com/download.php to make use of FreeNX

.SH KONTACT
Informations can be found on http://freenx.berlios.de/.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Per Hansen <spamhans@yahoo.de>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).

#.SH SEE ALSO
#java(1)
