.TH NXSERVER 1
.SH NAME
nxserver \- A script to start the NX server for thin-clients.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nxserver
.I "[options]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B FreeNX
consists of some scripts to configure the free NX server by NoMachine.
.PP
This manual page documents briefly 
.BR FreeNX
.
This manual page was written for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \--adduser <user>
Add a new user in PASSDB backend. PASSDB is deprecated.
.TP
.B \--passwd <user>
Change password of <user>
Add a new user in PASSDB backend. PASSDB is deprecated.
.TP
.B \--deluser <user>
Remove a user from PASSDB backend. PASSDB is deprecated.
.TP
.B \--listuser
List enabled users from PASSDB backend. PASSDB is deprecated.
.TP
.B \--start
Start the nx server
.TP
.B \--stop
Stop the nx server
.TP
.B \--status
Show status of nx server
.TP
.B \--restart
Restart the nx server. (start,stop)
.TP
.B \--list [ user | sessionid ]
List running sessions of user or sessionid
.TP
.B \--history [ user | sessionid | clear ]
Show history [ of user | sessionid ] or clear the history
.TP
.B \--terminate <user | :display | sessionid>
Terminate the session pointed to by
       sessionid or display, or all sessions of the specified user.
       Use * for all sessions.
.TP
.B \--force-terminate
Like terminate, but removes also session info.
.TP
.B \--suspend <user | :display | sessionid>
Suspend the session pointed to by
       sessionid or display, or all sessions of the specified user.
       Use * for all sessions.
.TP
.B \--cleanup
Terminates all running sessions. Useful after power-outage.
.TP
.B \--broadcast <message>: Send a message to all users
.TP
.B \--send <user | :display | sessionid> <message>
Send a message to the specified user or sessionid

.SH FILES
The /etc/nxserver/node.conf is the main configuration file.

.SH NOTES
NoMachine offers a commercial and a freeware version of this server.
The freeware is named "NX Free Edition" and limited to two users.
FreeNX does not have any connection with "NX Free Edition" and does
not have users limitations.

FreeNX can be runned using qtnx but a non-free "NX Client" which can
be downloaded from http://www.nomachine.com/download.php is
recommended

.SH KONTACT
Informations can be found on http://freenx.berlios.de/.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Per Hansen <spamhans@yahoo.de>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).

